#firasSMoneyTime project
The firasSMoneyTime project is a Java graphical user interference game, which is based on the show “Who Wants To Be A Millionaire”. The game begins by fetching a question from a question list, before initialising four JButtons with the question’s four answers as their text. Each time the correct answer is clicked, the user “gains money” and proceeds to the next question, which is harder than its preceding question. However, if an incorrect button is clicked, the mistake counter records the mistake by decreasing the amount of available lives a user has and when the mistake counter reaches zero the user loses his progress. At any given time the user can change the difficulty of the game from default to hard or default to easy, which automatically resets the game with the new difficulty. Changing the difficulty to hard decreases the amount of mistakes a user can commit, and changing it to easy increases the amount of mistakes committable. A restart button is provided for those who want to restart the game with the default difficulty. Just like the original T.V. show, the user has available to them two support buttons which can only be used once: “50/50”, which reduces the chance of making a mistake, through removing two incorrect answers; and “Audience”, which generates a bar chart showing the probability of each answer being correct. Users can also click the collect money button at any level which allows them to exit the game with the amount of money they progressed to. 
The moneyTimeMain class starts by creating four new objects from the classes question list, answers, moneyTimeAudio and Random. “questionList” is a class which contains all the questions used for this game, “answers” is a class that contains all the answer options used in the game, and audio is a class which is used to generate two different sounds played when attempting a question, quitting the game, winning the game and losing the game. The main class contains five variables, “qusListArray" a string array holding all the question from the “questionList” class, “answerOpetions" a string array which stores the four answers choices, “correctAnswer" a string which stores the correct answer out of the four choices, “currentQuestion" a string used to hold the questions from the “questionList”, "questionCounter" an integer that records the user progress and "mistakeCounter" an  integer that stores the number of mistakes the user commits. The class beings by running moneyTimeMain as a new runnable, a random number is generated and then used to get a question from the qusListArray. “answersOptions “and “correctAnswer” are assigned by using the getOpetion method and the getAnswer method from the “answers” class. The main class creates a JFrame, labels which will be used to determine the difficulty of the question and the progress rate and a JmenuBar which allows users to change difficulty. Four JAnswerbuttons are created and initialized with the answer options as titles using the “answersOptions” array. The Four JAnswerbuttons are created above their action listener to allow the buttons when clicked to change their titles.

#License
please don't copy and re-use the code. Instead, feel free to contribute on this repository.
